You can't help it.
There is a way.
It's just that there were some misunderstandings when I saw Hou Lao last time
I guess he won't see you again.
I can't treat him in a vacuum
I thought it was something.
So Mr. Yang
It just so happens that tomorrow is the birthday banquet of the provincial Hou Lao
You and I go together to explain
This is a beloved relative
Hey, but Mr. Yang
It's a birthday party after all
Anyway, you have to prepare a new gift too.
It's been weeks.
It will be done then.
I still prepared yours together
This will not cost the festival
Accepted matters
Will come by itself
The invitation from the lady came home
Let go
That's right.
I recently made you watch that guy named Yang Ming
What's going on?
Miss Li Gao
That Yang Ming seems to be
With the Sage of Goldman Sachs
There is already energy in the park
He also seems to have added life
OK, got it.
Go down yeah
Although this old man has some prestige in Dongling
But it's not enough for my official family to take action in person
However, Yang Ming had some means at that time
Forget about Donglian, just take a look
The Sage Monarch during the Rising Sun Festival must not be angry
I'm still distracted
After a while, Dad's kindness towards him faded
Just go back
Don't get too much